So this is a quick lab just to discuss AWB start connect gateway so remember this slide from the last
lab and this is an AWB Direct Connect connection and what you can do with Direct Connect is you can
establish a connection from your corporate data center into VPC.
Now this is within a single region you can connect using multiple private events to multiple pieces
within the region.
But if you want to connect to other VPC in other regions around the world from this connection then
that becomes a bit more difficult.
So what we need to do then is use an AWB Direct Connect gateway so a direct connect Gateway is a globally
available service which enables you to then create a private if into the direct direct connect Gateway
and from there you can then create private shifts to your VPN gateways in VIP season in different regions.
Now alternatively you can actually connect that to a transit Gateway which we talked about earlier in
this section
so I'll just head over to the console and show you where you can configure Direct Connect gateways.
So under the AWB direct connect you can see we can create a direct connect connections here modify our
virtual interfaces in our L.A. jeez you have transit gateways at the bottom.
Virtual Private gateways and then you go in the middle here you got your Direct Connect gateways.
So all of those different services come under the AWB s Direct Connect console and we can't really create
this in a lab unfortunately but this is where you would go to create that configuration
so for the exam just remember that if you need to connect using private that's so private IP address
spaces globally and it's a use case for Direct Connect e.g. it's something along the lines of low latency
high bandwidth dedicated network connection but you need to better connect over private IP address spaces
globally then you might be looking to a direct connect gateway as the answer.